if you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced 
I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do. 
That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed. 
But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place. He hasn't an enemy in the world - but all his friends hate him.
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.
'Where and how can I make this meal better for me?' I asked myself that question before every meal—especially in the beginning.
When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name.
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right - especially when one is right.
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.
It's the good girls who keep diaries; the bad girls never have the time.
When I'm trusting and being myself... everything in my life reflects this by falling into place easily, often miraculously.
Perhaps I am a bear, or some hibernating animal underneath, for the instinct to be half asleep all winter is so strong in me.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
It's very easy to feel someone's pain when you love them.
A person's abilities are tested best when defending rather than attacking.
Loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable; that one false step involves her in endless ruin; that her reputation is no less brittle than it is beautiful; and that she cannot be too much guarded in her behaviour towards the undeserving of the other sex.
What more felicity can fall to creature, than to enjoy delight with liberty.
You can cover a great deal of country in books.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down.
